EN:

Privacy Policy
Discord Bot Privacy Policy [TBS]

This Privacy Policy describes how your personal data is collected, used and shared when you use our Discord bot "TBS".

Collected data:

We collect information that users provide through their use of the bot, including usernames, Discord user IDs, messages sent, and other related data.
Use of Information:

We use the information collected to provide the service, improve our bot and personalize the user experience.
Information Sharing:

We do not share your personal information with third parties except where necessary to provide the service you have requested or where we have legal obligations.
Safety:

We take security measures to protect your personal information. However, no data transmission over the Internet can be guaranteed to be 100% secure.
Changes to the Privacy Policy:

We reserve the right to change this Privacy Policy at any time. Changes will be posted on this page.

Through giveaways, when you enter, the bot will automatically save your discord id in a database and then announce the winner of the giveaway, the saved data will be deleted via a bot command and/or via auto-delete

IT:

Privacy Policy
Discord Bot Privacy Policy [TBS]

La presente Informativa sulla privacy descrive come i tuoi dati personali vengono raccolti, utilizzati e condivisi quando utilizzi il nostro bot Discord "TBS".

Dati raccolti:

Raccogliamo le informazioni fornite dagli utenti attraverso l'utilizzo del bot, inclusi nomi utente, ID utente Discord, messaggi inviati e altri dati correlati.
Utilizzo delle informazioni:

Utilizziamo le informazioni raccolte per fornire il servizio, migliorare il nostro bot e personalizzare l'esperienza dell'utente.
Condivisione delle informazioni:

Non condividiamo le tue informazioni personali con terze parti tranne ove necessario per fornire il servizio richiesto o laddove abbiamo obblighi legali.
Sicurezza:

Adottiamo misure di sicurezza per proteggere le tue informazioni personali. Tuttavia, nessuna trasmissione di dati su Internet può essere garantita come sicura al 100%.
Modifiche all'Informativa sulla privacy:

Ci riserviamo il diritto di modificare la presente Informativa sulla privacy in qualsiasi momento. Le modifiche verranno pubblicate su questa pagina.

Attraverso i giveaway, quando entri, il bot salverà automaticamente il tuo ID Discord in un database e poi annuncerà il vincitore del giveaway, i dati salvati verranno cancellati tramite un comando del bot e/o tramite eliminazione automatica
